Find Cheap Car Towers

Introduction
Welcome to Find Cheap Car Towers; a project that helps me or other users find cheap car towers in the area to help me/them get their car towed during difficult situations or if the car is going through lots of damages. This project stems from when my car was in my apartment parking garage for a couple weeks straight and I couldn't get it out due to the front bumper damages. I had to call any car tower near me with good reviews but I had to also spend 400$ on this tow in comparison to 100$ or less with other towers if I had just spent more time finding them. The development of this project is in response to the issue I had, and I believe it can help others dramatically facing similar situations who just want to save money and get their cars moved to a safe area quickly.

Background
In December of 2024 one night, I found myself having to move my car from out of my apartment parking garage due to a notice stating that I am violating parking conditions and I am expected to move it out or it will be towed. Panicking, I quickly searched up car towing shops near where I lived and found a shop with 5 stars review. Due to the good rating, I quickly called them and told them that I need to get my car out of the parking garage and that the front bumper is quite damaged. Little did I know that I was going to pay 400$ for this just to get it to my parents' house when I could have payed 100$ or less due to the towing radius. This got me thinking; wouldn't it be nice if there was an application that could do just that? Allows me or other users in a similar predicament to search up car tow shops in their area and sort by cheapest ones? This would allow a not so expensive cost being spilled from our wallets and have our cars be towed safely during emergencies. 
